88 senine Prinne

Polymnum -i, m. The
one-eyedchiops in Sicily,
who was blinded by
Ulysscss

Pompeius-im. Thefomous
(ineius Pompey‚ who was
defeated by Cacsar at
Pharsalus

Porsena, -ae‚ m. Aking of
Etruria, who made war
on Rome ιο restore the
banished Tarquins.

Punicus, -a,·um. Punic or
Carthaginien.

Pyrrhus, -i, m. King of
Epirus, about 280 nc,
who came to Italy ιο help
the peopls of Tarentum
against the Romans.

Rimrlns, -l,m. Thefamous
Marcus Regulus, who was
taken prisoner by the Car·
thaginians in the first
Punic war and tortured
ιο death.

Roma, ·ae,s. The city of
Rornafoundedbyltomulus,
M· 753·

Romanus, -a, ·nm. Oi or
belongingtoRome,Romon.

salamis -inos,s. The island

sophocles, -is, m. A eele-
brated Greek tragic poet.

Syriciisinus, ·n, -um, of
or belonging to Syracuse.

Tarquinius, -ii,m. Tar-quin,
the surname of the fifth
andseventh kingsoiRome,
who came from the city ol
Tarquinii.

Thermopylae, -lirum,s. The
famous defile, command-
ing the approach into
southern Greecc, where
Leonidasfell.

Threicius, -a, -um. of or
belonging to Thrace,
Thracian.

Tiberinus, -a, -unn Of or
belonging ιο the Tiber.

Tiberis, ·is, m. The river
'Ilzibenwhich flows through

ome.

Tiberius, ·ii, m. The em·
peror Tiberius, and suc·
cessorofAugustus

rannerus-i, m. The sur·
name of Titus Manlius,
who gained the title from
slaying a Gaul, whose
neck-chain he oppro-
printed.

Troia, -ac, f. Troy,ainmons
city of Phrygia, in Asin

of Salamis, off theooastof Minor, where the cele-

(irleeoe in the Soronic
sartha, -ae, m. AScythian
or member oi tha nomadic
tribes ιο the north oi the
Black See.
sicllia, -se,s. The island
oi Sicily, situated at the
south of Italy in the
Mediterranean.

brated siege took placa.
Troiinus, -ο, -um. Of or

belonging to Troy, Trojan.
Tusculum-im. Anancient

town of hstium, in Italy.

Ulixes, -is, on Ulyssss,a
famous hero omong the
Greeks et the Trojsn
war.

 

